AWS- CloudWatchLogs add aws api module (#12758)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-CloudWatchLogs/ReleaseNotes/1_2_0.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS - CloudWatchLogs

> - Added the Timeout parameter, which enables you to define the amount of time until a timeout exception is reached.
> - Added the Retries parameter, which enables you to define the maximum retry attempts when connection or throttling errors
>     are encountered.
> - Added support of *access key* and *secret key* to the instance configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Timeout* parameter, which enables you to define the amount of time until a timeout exception is reached.
- Added the *Retries* parameter, which enables you to define the maximum retry attempts when connection or throttling errors are encountered.
- Added support of *access key* and *secret key* parameters.
```
